## 1.3 - List Users

### Test Description

Using the Admin CLI, retrieve a list of users. What data is provided when we do this?

### Preconditions

- Cloud Formation script has run to completion

### Steps to Test

- Connect to the Excalibur instance
    - Add key `starlab-virtue-te` to your SSH agent
    - Find the public IP for the `Virtue-XX-Excalibur` instance (where `XX` is your stack suffix) 
    - SSH to the Excalibur instance using PuTTY or a command-line SSH connection as the `ubuntu` user using the above SSH key. 
        - For this connection, add a port forwarding rule to forward port 3000 locally to 3000 on the Excalibur instance. 
        - On the command line, this can be done by adding `-L 3000:127.0.0.1:3000` to the SSH command you use to connect
        - In PuTTY, change the SSH settings under `Connection` > `SSH` > `Tunnels`. Use `3000` for Source Port and `127.0.0.1:3000` for Destination, and then click the `Add` button.

- On the Excalibur instance, obtain an auth token for the admin CLI:

        cd /home/ubuntu/galahad/excalibur/cli
        source set_virtue_environment.sh jmitchell Test123!

- Use the CLI to list the roles currently in the system:

        cd /home/ubuntu/galahad/excalibur/cli
        ./virtue-admin user list

### Expected Result

For each user, you should see an entry like this:

```json
{
    "authorizedRoleIds": [ "role_id_1", ..., "role_id_n"],
    "username": "some.username"
}
```

### Actual Result

#### 433fcb923a548ad3d35b6f865a56e477c47f50cf - Merge pull request #280 from starlab-io/256.automate_canvas_client_instance.rb

*Tested: 1/4/2019 by Alex Jordan*

Initial state before assigning a role to a user:

```json
[
    {
        "authorizedRoleIds": [],
        "username": "jmitchell"
    },
    {
        "authorizedRoleIds": [],
        "username": "fpatwa"
    },
    {
        "authorizedRoleIds": [],
        "username": "klittle"
    }
]
```

After assigning a role to a user (see Test 1.6):

```json
[
    {
        "authorizedRoleIds": [],
        "username": "jmitchell"
    },
    {
        "authorizedRoleIds": [],
        "username": "fpatwa"
    },
    {
        "authorizedRoleIds": [
            "mixed1546630228"
        ],
        "username": "klittle"
    }
]
```

While the Blue Force Tracker cannot (currently) add a role to a user, you can observe the users in the system by opening a browser and navigating to http://127.0.0.1:3000/ From here, click on `Users` in the left command palette. This will show a collapsable table with the available users. Expanding the user's row will show the roles the user is authorized to hold. Before assigning any roles to a user, the list of `Role IDs` will be empty. After assigning a role to a user, the list will contain the same value shown in the CLI output above.

#### 5af6d43454445ffa2fa44b081ad6fecb80c4d23a

*Tested 1/22/2019 by Tom McGinley*

Test passed as before.

#### 9749e2cf10e0b7c5dd68f8a877c10f2d3a00f06b

*Tested 1/28/2019 by Tom McGinley*

Test passed as before.

Note the new user slapd.

```json
[
    {
        "authorizedRoleIds": [],
        "username": "slapd"
    },
    {
        "authorizedRoleIds": [],
        "username": "klittle"
    },
    {
        "authorizedRoleIds": [],
        "username": "fpatwa"
    },
    {
        "authorizedRoleIds": [
            "firefox1231548706931"
        ],
        "username": "jmitchell"
    }
]

```

#### d4a861508fc28710c3d57b3b89ac969affd675a0

*Tested 2/4/2019 by Alex Jordan*

Test passed as before.