## 1.5 - Add a New User

### Test Description

Add a new user in Galahad, i.e., consider the case where a new person shows up and they must then use Galahad. This particular use case is focused on adding to AD, Ldap, etc. (the stuff before creating virtues) such that the Admin API can be used in the future. What happens when we try and add an existing user?

### Preconditions

- Cloud Formation script has run to completion
- At least one user has been created with administrative privileges

### Steps to Test

- Open the AWS EC2 Console and locate the Active Directory server. It will have a name like `VirtUE-XYZ-AD`. Connect to this server over RDP:
    - Right click on the AD server's row and click "Connect"
    - This will prompt you to download an RDP file, which specifies the remote desktop protocol connection parameters you'll need to use. Save this file somewhere you can find it easily, such as your desktop.
    - Modify the AD server's security groups to allow RDP access from your machine:
        - In the upper pane, select the AD server
        - In the lower pane, copy the VPC ID (you'll need it in a minute)
        - In the lower pane, under "Security Groups" click `default`
        - In the Security Group window that opens, click "Create Security Group"
        - In the dialog: 
            - Enter a security group name like "rdp-from-bbn"
            - Description: "RDP from my network"
            - VPC: Find the VPC you copied above in the drop down
            - Click on the Inbound tab
            - Click "Add Rule"
            - Enter:
                - Type: `Custom TCP Rule`
                - Protocol: `TCP`
                - Port Range: `3389`
                - Source: `Custom`, value of `YOUR-IP/32`
                - Description: `RDP`
            - Click `Create`
        - Clear the filter in the search box by clicking on the gray x button
        - Enter the VPC ID into the search box and hit enter
        - Make sure you see your RDP rule in the list
        - Go back to the EC2 Instances view (e.g., click Instances > Instances in the left pane)
        - Right click on your AD instance and then click Networking > Change Security Groups
        - Check the box for your RPC security group, making sure to leave the default security group checked
        - Click `Assign Security Groups`
        - Once you're back to the instances list, click on the AD server in the top pane, then click "view inbound rules" under Security Groups in the lower pane
        - Make sure that you see a rule for TCP port 3389 in the resulting list.
    - Run the RDP file you downloaded to start the session. Instructions from this point will depend on the RDP client you are using.
    - Windows 10
        - Click Connect in the Remote Desktop Connection window
        - Click through the warning about an untrusted connection
        - When asked for credentials, click "More Choices" then "Use a different account"
        - Enter username `Administrator`
        - Enter password `)wf-iY?nOpDaxB-sc9mjQ.yKn7(CCtD5`
        - Click "OK"
        - You may get a warning about an untrusted SSL certificate - click "Yes" to continue the connection
        - If you get an error requesting that the password has expired, enter the above password, and then create a new one.
    - Linux, MacOS
        - You're on your own

- Once you have connected to the AD server, it's time to add the user:
    - Click on the Start menu
    - Open the `PowerShell ISE` application
    - Paste into the top window:

            New-ADUser -Name <username> -AccountPassword (ConvertTo-SecureString <password> -AsPlainText -Force) `
                -DisplayName "<last-name>, <first-name>" -GivenName <first-name> -SamAccountName <username> `
                -UserPrincipalName <username>@virtue.gov -PasswordNeverExpires $true -Path "ou=galahad,dc=virtue,dc=gov" `
                -Enabled $true

    - In the command, replace:
        - `<username>` with the desired username (e.g., `jsmith`)
            - Note that the `<username>` is used three times: `Name`, `SamAccountName`, and the first part of `UserPrincipalName`
        - `<password>` with the user's password
        - `<last-name>` with the last name (e.g., `Smith`)
        - `<first-name>` with the first name (e.g., `John`)
    - Click the little green "Play" triangle in the top row of buttons. You should see the command echoed in the bottom pane, and then return with no output.
    - You can check to see if the user was added by using the `mmc` command:
        - On the AD server, run `mmc` from the start menu
        - Hit CTRL-M to open the Snap-In list, and add the Active Directory Users and Computers snap-in
        - In the left pane, navigate to AD Users and Computers > Virtue.gov > galahad
        - Verify that the new user you created shows up in the right pane

- Use the admin API to list users (as per test 1.03) and verify that the new user shows up
- Assign roles to the user through the Admin API (as per test 1.04 and 1.06) and verify that it succeeds
- Test that the user can see all of their roles as per test 3.01

### Expected Result

- Connect to AD server, as described above
- Add user to AD through the PowerShell command
- The list of users returned through the API includes the new user:

        $ ./virtue-admin list users
        [
            ...
            {
                "authorizedRoleIds": [],
                "username": "new-username"
            },
            ...
        ]

### Actual Result

#### 8f49db13a7e64608bbfc677f8e0ffd21b092865d

*Tested 1/18/2019 by Alex Jordan*

After running through the steps above, the `list users` command does *not* include the new username. After some deubgging, this is due to a disconnect between the OpenLDAP database that the API interacts with and the Active Directory server that is supposed to manage users. The current plan is to write a script to run on Excalibur that periodically checks AD for new users and then populates the LDAP server with the proper structures needed by Galahad. This test will be re-run once those changes are made.

#### d4a861508fc28710c3d57b3b89ac969affd675a0

*Tested 2/4/2019 by Alex Jordan*

Test completes successfully.