## 1.6 - Create and Assign Roles

### Test Description

Using the Admin CLI, create roles for or assign existing roles to a user present in Galahad (step above). Is this intuitive? Verify the user can then login to Canvas and start virtues (not roles).

### Preconditions

- Cloud Formation script has run to completion
- At least one user has been created
- One non-empty role has been created (see [Test 1.4 - Create a New Role](#create-new-role))
- User has a VNC viewer installed (e.g., https://www.realvnc.com/en/connect/download/viewer/ but any VNC client should work)

### Steps to Test

- Connect to the Excalibur instance
    - Add key `starlab-virtue-te` to your SSH agent
    - Find the public IP for the `Virtue-XX-Excalibur` instance (where `XX` is your stack suffix) 
    - SSH to the Excalibur instance using PuTTY or a command-line SSH connection as the `ubuntu` user using the above SSH key

- On the Excalibur instance, obtain an auth token for the admin CLI:

        cd /home/ubuntu/galahad/excalibur/cli
        
        python3 sso_login.py -u jmitchell@virtue.com -o token.json -p Test123! -A APP_1 excalibur.galahad.com:5002
        
        export VIRTUE_ADDRESS=excalibur.galahad.com
        export VIRTUE_TOKEN=`cat token.json`

- Create the Linux-only Firefox role as per [Test 1.4.1](#test-1.4.1---create-a-linux-only-role). (Note that this can take as long as 20 minutes to complete.)
- Once complete, record the role ID returned by the `./virtue-admin role list` call.
- To authorize the `jmitchell` user to use the `firefox123` role:
    
        ./virtue-admin user role authorize --username=jmitchell --roleId=<result-from-previous-call>

- Check to see what roles the jmitchell user is authorized for:

        ./virtue-admin user get --username=jmitchell
  You should see the `roleId` you provided listed in the returned `authorizedRoleIds` field.

- Access the user's Canvas to ensure that the role is available:
    - Find your stack's `Canvas` instance and record its IP
    - Connect your VNC viewer to `<canvas-ip-address>:1`
    - If there is an error window about directory permissions, it is acceptable to dismiss the error message
    - Open a terminal session by right clicking on the Ubuntu virtual session's desktop
    - Change directory to the Canvas directory: `cd /home/ubuntu/galahad/canvas`
    - Note: the following steps are likely to change once Issue #179 and/or Issue #125 are resolved.
        - Run `./start_canvas.sh`
        - Enter `excalibur.galahad.com` as the server address and click the "Log In" button
        - You will get an error message with the "Awww Snap" icon from Chromium
        - Exit the Canvas window by pressing `ALT`-`F4`
        - Edit the file `output.js`: `vim output.js`
        - Uncomment line 494: 
            - Type `:494` to go to line 494
            - Type `d` then `d` to delete the two leading backslashes on the line
            - Type `:wq` to save the file and exit
        - Run `./start_canvas.sh` again, and enter `excalibur.galahad.com` as the server address. Click the "Log In" button.
        - You will get an error message about an untrusted connection. This is due to the use of self-signed SSL certificates. Click "Advanced", and then "Continue to <ip-address> (unsafe)". This should then proceed to the Virtue login prompt.
        - Exit the Canvas window by pressing `ALT`-`F4`
        - Edit the file `output.js`: `vim output.js` and re-comment out line 494:
            - Type `:494` to go to line 494
            - Type `i` to go to Insert Mode
            - Type `//` to comment out the line - it should change colors
            - Type `:wq` to save the file and exit
        - Run `./start_canvas.sh` a third time, enter `excalibur.galahad.com` as the server, and then click "Log In".
        - This will take you to the Virtue login prompt. Enter `jmitchell@virtue.com` and a password `Test123!`
        - You should see a blank window with a dock on the right side. If you have added only the Firefox role described above, you should see a necktie icon with the label `firefox123` underneath it.
        - Mouse-over the `firefox123` role and you should see a pop-out to the left with a pencil icon. This is the Firefox application. Clicking on it will not do anything unless you have created a virtue for the role and bound it to the user with the correct `virtue-admin` command.

### Expected Result

When running `user role authorize`:

```
$ ./virtue-admin user role authorize --username=jmitchell --roleId=firefox1231546885862
{
    "result": [
        0,
        "Successfully completed operation."
    ],
    "status": "success"
}
```

When running `user get`:

```
$ ./virtue-admin user get --username=jmitchell
{
    "authorizedRoleIds": [
        "firefox1231546885862"
    ],
    "username": "jmitchell"
}
```

When logging in to Canvas as the `jmitchell` user, you should see the Firefox application available in the Canvas user interface.

### Actual Result

#### 8f49db13a7e64608bbfc677f8e0ffd21b092865d

*Tested 1/7/2019 by Alex Jordan*

```
### Create the role
$ ./virtue-admin role create --role=firefox.role --unitySize=4GB
{
    "id": "firefox1231546885862",
    "name": "firefox123"
}

### Authorize the user
$ ./virtue-admin user role authorize --username=jmitchell --roleId=firefox1231546885862
{
    "result": [
        0,
        "Successfully completed operation."
    ],
    "status": "success"
}

### Check to make sure it took
$ ./virtue-admin user get --username=jmitchell
{
    "authorizedRoleIds": [
        "firefox1231546885862"
    ],
    "username": "jmitchell"
}
```

In the Canvas interface, the Firefox123 role appears as expected.

Note: In the Canvas interface, without a Virtue running, clicking on the pencil icon for Firefox will not have any effect. You must create a Virtue through the `virtue-admin virtue create` command, which will create the instance and then bind it to the user.