## Start Virtues and Usability 

### Test Description

User can start all virtues in their dock, what’s the performance like? What are the impacts of migration? Use the apps as you investigate. 

### Preconditions

Cloudformation has finished running.  A role and virtue has been created and assigned to the user, as described in tests 1.4, 1.6, and 2.2.  This includes creating the firefox123 role and assigning it to user jmitchell.  

### Steps to Test

Sign into canvas as jmitchell, as described in the canvas_user_guide.md in this directory.  

Open the firefox application in the firefox123 role.  Should the box that opens stay orange, something is wrong; see the Canvas user guide for debugging details.  

Should the XPRA session come up, begin using the firefox application.  Assess its usefulness.  

Using the CLI, trigger a migration. 

Asess the usability changes while the migration is taking place.  

### Expected Result

The virtue should begin running once the application is selected by the user in Canvas.  

Firefox should load and be only moderately slow to use.  Viewing complex webpages may be difficult, and scrolling may be slow and stuttering.  

Performance degradation during migration should be minimal. 

### Actual Result

#### 8f49db13a7e64608bbfc677f8e0ffd21b092865d - Add test report for 1.3 

Virtue's must already be running; they do not start on selection by the user in Canvas.  

The firefox application performs almost acceptiably on simplier websites.  Crashes entirely on a WIRED article page. 

Migration was not tested.   