## Close and Reopen App

### Test Description

User can immediately close an application then open it again 


### Preconditions

Cloudformation has finished running.  A role and virtue has been created and assigned to the user, as described in tests 1.4, 1.6, and 2.2.  This includes creating the firefox123 role and assigning it to user jmitchell.  

### Steps to Test

Sign into canvas as jmitchell, as described in the canvas_user_guide.md in this directory.  

Open the firefox application in the firefox123 role.  Should the box that opens stay orange, something is wrong; see the Canvas user guide for debugging details.  

Should the XPRA session come up, begin using the firefox application.  Assess its usefulness.  

Close the Firefox application (XPRA) and reopen it again.  Assess what happens.  

Log out of Canvas, wait for a short while, then restart canvas.  Open firefox again.  Assess what happens. 

Close the firefox application inside the XPRA window.  Assess what happens.  

### Expected Result

For reopening the firefox app within the same Canvas login instance, we expect the application to close like your browser window on a desktop.  For Firefox, this means that a "restore your session" page should appear on restart.  

For reopening the firefox app in a new Canvas login instance, we expect the application to close like your browser window on a desktop.  For Firefox, this means that a "restore your session" page should appear on restart.  

On closing a Firefox session inside the XPRA window, some way to re-open this firefox session OR having it reopen on restarting the XPRA session should be possible.  

### Actual Result

#### 8f49db13a7e64608bbfc677f8e0ffd21b092865d - Add test report for 1.3 

On reopening the firefox application within the same Canvas login instance (close app, reopen app), it is apparent that the application never actually closed, just the XPRA session.  This is not ideal behavior.  

On reopening the firefox application within a new Canvas login instance (Close app, exit canvas, restart canvas, reopen app), it is apparent that the application never actually closed, just the XPRA session and the Canvas session.  This is not ideal behavior.  

On closing a Firefox session inside the XPRA window, there is no way for the User to reopen it.  It requires restarting the XPRA session within the docker container on the virtue.  This is failing behavior.  
