## Set Security Configuration For All Virtues and Valors

### Test Description

Using the Admin CLI, set the security configuration for all valors and virtues, i.e., this configuration applies to all running virtues and valors. This includes setting the migration on/off and frequency and introspection on/off and frequency. Get a sense for how much effort it takes an admin to initially set and forget the security configuration. We don’t want the admin to have to set security each time a new virtue starts.

### Preconditions

- Cloud formation has run to completion

### Steps to Test

- Connect to the Excalibur instance
    - Add key `starlab-virtue-te` to your SSH agent
    - Find the public IP for the `Virtue-XX-Excalibur` instance (where `XX` is your stack suffix)
    - SSH to the Excalibur instance using PuTTY or a command-line SSH connection as the `ubuntu` user using the above SSH key

- On the Excalibur instance, obtain an auth token for the admin CLI:

        cd /home/ubuntu/galahad/excalibur/cli

        python3 sso_login.py -u jmitchell@virtue.com -o token.json -p Test123! -A APP_1 excalibur.galahad.com:5002
        # This will prompt for a password: Test123!

        export VIRTUE_ADDRESS=excalibur.galahad.com
        export VIRTUE_TOKEN=`cat token.json`

### Expected Result

*Describe what we expect to happen, including information about the time it takes for an operation to complete. Describe in terms of what we would see from the command line interface, the blue force tracker, and from the user's perspective.*

### Actual Result

### f712e274d68ceb63c6b08b32ba8bab700d968430 - Update test reports for 1.2, 1.4

Implementation to carry out desired tasks is not currently present.  Capability to manage migrations, collective config not currently supported in CLI.
